{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1348\cocoasubrtf170
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww10800\viewh8400\viewkind0
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural

\f0\fs24 \cf0 Annie Tang, Aamir Azhar, Nelson Winrow\
CS 308 - lab_bins\
\
\ul Readability:\ulnone \
- Comments would be helpful in main function of Bins.java. \
- A lot of repeating code in main function when adding Disks to PQ; could be more concise. \
- Comments for methods in Disk.java are very helpful. Comments for reading data in Bins.java are helpful. \
- In Disk.java .compareTo() method, if two disks have an equal amount of free space, it should return 0. However, the method returns the difference of their IDs. \
- Unused code: .equals() method to compare disk IDs, .toString() method in Disks.java\
\
\ul Testability:\
\ulnone - Test larger files that won't fit on a disk / will overfill the disk. \
- Add a test case to the .add() method in Disk.java to first see if the file can fit on the disk before adding it. If it doesn't fit, throw an exception error.\
- A helpful additional function might be to create a function that tests the input data for validity / compatibility with the program (the expected data should have space separated numbers). \
- A test case for said additional function could be any data file that is in a different format than expected. \
\
\
\ul Extensibility:\ulnone \
- Code smells: bloaters (long method), dispensables (duplicate code, dead code) \
- This coder would probably copy and paste a chunk of code in the main method and make some modifications to that (which obviously is not that great) \
- Each method in Disks.java depends on the private attributes myId, mySize, myCapacity, myFiles}